Yu Xinlingni
Yu Wenhao
Why are you here?
God, are you torturing me on purpose?
Specifically not letting me get what I want
It seems that Princess Chu has disappeared in the past few days
Had a good time
Ning Mingyue
You are actually Princess Chu
Ah!
Then what prince, let's go out and talk?
Eat well and drink well.
I'll explain later.
Yuan Hao
Why are you pulling a face?
Yuan Qingling like I owe you money
Do you know this king?
What's wrong with him?
It's like taking gunpowder
Princess
He didn't mean to be cold.
He is looking for you
Days and nights don't make sense
He was also in a hurry
Princess
Go back with the prince
In order to find me, I didn't talk to you for days and nights
Is he crazy?
Is he so much?